# Appendix-for-C84DAN
Matlab codes and rendered images for neuroimaging assignment

Assignment Abstract:
Abstract 

The purpose of the present study was to investigate the neural correlates of face, object and scene stimuli in a single participant. The human visual pathways have previously been shown to contain regions that display selective responses to certain categories. Among such categories are faces, objects and scenes (Kanwisher et al., 1997; 1998). Here we test whether different cortical patches display a differential preference for either face, object or scene stimuli. The current study uses a randomised block design localiser task consisting of blocks of faces, objects and scenes presented on a textured background to minimise the low level visual confounds. The present study chose to analyse three particular contrasts (A – Faces vs. Objects and Scene, B – Objects vs. Faces and Scenes, C – Scenes vs. Faces and Objects). The most common form of analysis in fMRI regards fitting the general linear model to the data. Thus, the present study also aims to address how well the model fits the data for each particular contrast. The findings of the present study provide some congruent and some contrasting evidence with the current literature. For example, significant activation was found in the Middle Temporal Gyrus. Similar findings are present within the literature such as the role of the Fusiform Face area, located in the Temporal Cortex, in the processing of faces. Overall, the results of this study highlight regions of the brain that may be implemented in domain specific mechanisms that are potentially crucial for the computational challenge of visual recognition.
